Add initial set of questions (#31)
huserben/scrum-kata: questions/swapping_planned_items_due_to_revealed_complexity.md

---
layout: post
title: "Swapping planned items due to revealed complexity"
parent: Katas
---

> During a Sprint, the Developers realise an item it selected in the forecast is much more complex than estimated. With approval from the Product Owner the Developers change it for an item it thinks it can finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During a Sprint, the Developers realise an item they selected in the forecast is much more complex than estimated. With approval from the Product Owner, the Developers change it for an item they think they can finish. How would you, the Scrum Master, proceed?
```
